fix(blog): point TOON link to official GitHub repo (#4946)
kestra-io/docs: src/contents/blogs/kestra-plugins-ai-ecosystem/index.md

**Markdown conversion.** `HtmlToMarkdown` turns verbose HTML into Markdown that carries the same structure in far fewer tokens, directly useful for RAG and LLM preprocessing. `MarkdownToText` strips formatting to clean plain text for embedding models that don't need markup; `MarkdownToHtml` covers the return trip for email templates or rich notifications.

> **TOON.** `JsonToToon` and `ToonToJson` convert between JSON and [TOON](/blogs/2026-04-30-kestra-mcp-plugins-blueprints) (Token-Oriented Object Notation), a deterministic, indentation-based format with explicit structure and minimal quoting. For uniform arrays of objects it uses a tabular encoding that conveys the same data in far fewer tokens than JSON, lowering cost and latency on every inference call that passes structured context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TOON.** `JsonToToon` and `ToonToJson` convert between JSON and [TOON](https://github.com/toon-format/toon) (Token-Oriented Object Notation), a deterministic, indentation-based format with explicit structure and minimal quoting. For uniform arrays of objects it uses a tabular encoding that conveys the same data in far fewer tokens than JSON, lowering cost and latency on every inference call that passes structured context.
```
